flux --prompt "A stagecoach races down a dusty meadow trail, chased by a few Native American warriors on horseback. The warriors wear feathered headdresses and carry spears, their horses charging through tall prairie grass. The pioneer driver urges the stagecoach forward, wheels kicking up clouds of dust. Late afternoon sun casts long shadows across wildflowers and open plains. The image appears as an authentic 1880s sepia-toned photograph—soft vignette, visible film grain, and a sense of motion and urgency." --seed 333 --width 1024 --height 768 --steps 10 --output "output_images_steps10"

flux --prompt "A stagecoach races down a dusty meadow trail, chased by a few Native American warriors on horseback. The warriors wear feathered headdresses and carry spears, their horses charging through tall prairie grass. The pioneer driver urges the stagecoach forward, wheels kicking up clouds of dust. Late afternoon sun casts long shadows across wildflowers and open plains. The image appears as an authentic 1880s sepia-toned photograph—soft vignette, visible film grain, and a sense of motion and urgency." --seed 333 --width 1024 --height 768 --steps 25 --output "output_images_steps25"

flux --prompt "A stagecoach races down a dusty meadow trail, chased by a few Native American warriors on horseback. The warriors wear feathered headdresses and carry spears, their horses charging through tall prairie grass. The pioneer driver urges the stagecoach forward, wheels kicking up clouds of dust. Late afternoon sun casts long shadows across wildflowers and open plains. The image appears as an authentic 1880s sepia-toned photograph—soft vignette, visible film grain, and a sense of motion and urgency." --seed 333 --width 1024 --height 768 --steps 50 --output "output_images_steps50"

flux --prompt "A stagecoach races down a dusty meadow trail, chased by a few Native American warriors on horseback. The warriors wear feathered headdresses and carry spears, their horses charging through tall prairie grass. The pioneer driver urges the stagecoach forward, wheels kicking up clouds of dust. Late afternoon sun casts long shadows across wildflowers and open plains. The image appears as an authentic 1880s sepia-toned photograph—soft vignette, visible film grain, and a sense of motion and urgency." --seed 333 --width 1024 --height 768 --steps 100 --output "output_images_steps100"
